Change default strategy (#1)
moxy-community/Moxy: README.md

```groovy
implementation 'com.github.moxy-community:moxy-material:moxyVersion'
```
## New Features and Compiler option for Migration from old version

> By default, each `MvpView` method must has an annotation `@StateStrategyType`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each `MvpView` method must have an annotation `@StateStrategyType`.
```

```kotlin
disableEmptyStrategyCheck : ‘true’
```

In this case, the default strategy will be `AddToEndSingleStrategy`. In old version default strategy was` AddToEndStrategy`.

To change default strategy, provide for `defaultMoxyStrategy` parameter the full class name of new default strategy.

```kotlin
defaultMoxyStrategy : 'moxy.viewstate.strategy.OneExecutionStateStrategy'
```

If compiler finds `MvpView` method without annotation `@StateStrategyType` it show this error with standard method for notifying about compilation problems.For ease of migration from older versions, we have provided an additional mechanism: `EmptyStrategyHelper`.
It collects all the errors associated with an empty strategy in one place. Using it, you can easily navigate from the `EmptyStrategyHelper` directly to the method with a missing strategy.

To switch the error output method, enable the option
```kotlin
enableEmptyStrategyHelper : 'true'
```

How to correctly use compilation flags see at [sample-app build.gradle file](https://github.com/moxy-community/Moxy/blob/develop/sample-app/build.gradle)

## ProGuard
Moxy is completely without reflection! No special ProGuard rules required.

## Road Map

> * [✓] ~~Provide migration mechanic from com.arello-mobile.moxy and its default strategy~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [✓] ~~Provide a migration tool from com.arello-mobile.moxy and its default strategy~~
```
